update migration docs (#49)
onmax/nimiq-developer-center: migration/index.md

- **Pre-registration Phase**: Establishing the first list of validators for the PoS blockchain within the PoW chain
- **Pre-Staking Phase**: Users pre-stake their NIM

> - **Activation Phase**: Executing the transition to the PoS chain if at least 80% of the stake is ready

Reviewer: To me it's weird that we're using progressive verbs here. What about:
```suggestion
- **Activation Phase**: Selects candidate transition blocks from the `PoW` chain and executes the transition to the PoS chain if at least 80% of the stake is ready
```
Also this applies for the `Pre-registration Phase`.
